# Project Management Summary

#
From the third week, we were divided into groups; we were planning assignment. In the beginning, we were worried because our group had only three people (Lulu, Elieen, Thai). The leader of the group is Lulu, who is responsible for assigning tasks to everyone And modify the Code, integrate the Code. The project manager and designer of the group is Elieen, responsible for designing the database and functional updates. The team's page designer is Thai, who is responsible for developing the pages of the Scene builder.
Because of the particularity of the java program, we decided to complete the main functions by one person. And everyone started their work through google drive online sharing; at the same time, we plan to meet in groups at least twice a week, so that we can share each other's Code. Unfortunately, due to the influence of COVID-19, everyone changed from online video format (zoom, Facebook) from the fifth week. In the beginning, Lulu made a colossal mistake, because she is more familiar with java and Netbeans has majored in computer science), when she completed the main function, Thai and Elieen found that they could not run the Lulu code !! The reason is that she did not use the "infs2605fxstarterkit-master" to develop our assignment; meanwhile, Many third-party JavaFX functions are used. Lulu quickly corrected the "version control" problem. At the same time, we decided that Lulu would integrate everyone's Code every week to avoid as many issues as possible due to the version.
Thai mostly complete the basic functions of 4.1 and 4.2. We planned 4.3 and Lulu and Elieen jointly complete additional functions. We have almost completed all the functions when there is still a week to Deadline. But for the ADF function, we found that we can only export PNG format, and at the same time, our Log out function suddenly has a bug (despair). But fortunately, we were all done in the end.
Through this assignment, we have become excellent friends. Code communication and (late night) "debug" make us realize the importance of teamwork.
Reflection: Write code should not be afraid of making mistakes, try many times!