## Project Management Summary

To ensure this project was completed on time, tasks were broken down such that they could be tracked on a weekly basis. The estimated deadlines and tasks were tracked using a timeline for the period of Week 5 (16 March) to Week 10 (20 April), which was the due date. The team evaluated the feasibility of the deadlines at each meeting, to recognise the tasks that were proving difficult to accomplish and tasks that were yet to be completed. Unofficial tasks were delegated to each member of the team, since a majority of the work involved was centered around the development of the source code and required the efforts of all team members. Each team member’s work was reviewed by the whole team, and members actively offered assistance when completing those tasks.

### Using GitHub as version control 
The team managed the sharing of source code through the software development version control platform, GitHub. In the team repository, all changes made to the EPlanner application were made to the “Assignment” branch so that it would be easy to find, since the team was working on another project at the same time. After a team member had worked on the source code and pushed these changes, they would inform the group such that the next person who would work on the source code knew to look out for changes. The description of the changes were made to summarise what each member had worked on in that session, and the team used comments in the .java files to alert other team members of difficulties they were facing with a certain section of code or if they had not yet completed the code for that section. 

### Communication
Communication was mainly carried out using Facebook messenger and Collaborate (during allocated tutorial time). The team followed some elements of the Scrum methodology to complete this assignment, namely the use of standup meetings, carried out remotely. These meetings were used not only to check progress, requiring members to be accountable and ask for help, but also to discuss aspects of the project, such as discussing how we could implement a required function in our program and collaborating to develop code or delegating responsibilities to other team members. These meetings allowed the team to track our overall progress. However, the team was unsuccessful in meeting all of the basic requirements. Google Docs was used to keep track of our meetings. This document included notes for how to implement a certain feature, questions we needed to ask our tutor, and a list of what needed to be done over the next few weeks. It also included the written components i.e. our markdown files, so that they could be reviewed and edited simultaneously by the entire team.
