## Usability Summary
EPlanner draws upon principles of good interface design, presented by Jakob Nielsen (1994). The application performs well in replicating the *real-world conventions* and sequences. Users are made to go through the process of entering event details and inviting or creating guests. Additionally, EPlanner is designed to be *consistent with existing conventions*. The system takes full advantage of using icons to facilitate user experience. Generally, since users are familiar with icons, they are useful tools in application development. EPlanner uses icons in many different screens so that users can navigate the application through *recognition, rather than recall*. An example includes the login screen, which uses a person icon for username and a padlock icon for password, which is seen on many other platforms. An additional example which is reflective of existing standards involves the use of a traditional logout logo. Additionally, the system is designed to be *flexible* and used by a range of users with different skill levels. As such, it has been designed to be easy and efficient to navigate through. The UI is quite intuitive. The application provides support points, including the options to go back or cancel, acting as an exit point and undoing the user’s actions. This is to allow for users to go and correct previous mistakes, or users who find themselves in an unwanted position, in line with the *user control and freedom* heuristic. EPlanner informs users at the log-in page whether they have entered in the wrong username (and/or password for administrators), to assist users in *recognising, diagnosing, and recovering from errors*. The app also has other cues, such as telling users to enter in information in a YYYY-MM-DD format on the event creation page. This is to ensure that user experience is smooth and easy on the application, and *prevent errors*. When running the application on Netbeans, the system will print out "Switching pages" to inform users of the *system status*. The `README.md` file provides *documentation* on how to use EPlanner, including instructions and necessary files required for the application to work as intended. EPlanner is consistent in it’s monochromatic colour scheme of yellow and white. The system’s UI follows a *minimalist design*, with only the essential features and information shown. Examples include the toolbar on the side with the necessary navigation menu buttons, the guest tables showing basic user details, and uncluttered screens to see events and guests. Since these are necessary for the user to access and use, they have been prioritised over additional functions which may have cluttered the interface.
